This hotel was great because it was only a short walk from the center of the city. There were also many nearby restaurants of all different cuisines. In general, the check-in process was very quick and friendly, taking only about 5 minutes. The staff were also very hospital and they were all really eager to assist us. My only complaint was that the shower pressure was a bit too low, however apparently the hotel is planning on fixing this issue. 

The hotel was right outside the city, so it was pretty quiet but close enough to all the action. The room was very clean and the bathroom was enormous. The room service was fast, and the staff were friendly. A minor issue was that we had to pay for wifi, but the connection was very fast, so it was worth it. The television also played a variety of different channels, so that was an excellent addition. 

The check-in process was very speedy, which was great after a long day of traveling. The hotel itself was very homey, clean, and overall welcoming. The room and the bathroom were surprisingly both very spacious and well-kept, which wasn't all too evident in pictures online. We ordered room service multiple times, and the delivery was within 5 minutes max. The only downside was that my room was located right outside a highway, so it was very difficult to get a good night's sleep. 

All-in-all, I had a pretty good stay at this hotel. We were immediately greeted by friendly and helpful staff who carried our luggage directly to our room. We then went downstairs to the hotel restaurant, which had an enormous amount of different food options. There was also a bar that my husband and I enjoyed at night, as well as a huge heated pool. One minor issue that I had was that there was no room temperature control, which posed an issue during one of the colder nights. 

I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going on a family vacation. The atmosphere is very welcoming and definitely appropriate for small children. There is a heated pool and a Jacuzzi on the second floor, as well as a snack bar on the first floor that is open until late at night. The area around the hotel also felt very safe, and I had no issues walking around at night. One problem with the location is that it is very difficult to find on a map, and it can be noisy at night. Other than that, I found the staff to be very hospitable and made my stay great! 

The room was very clean and the bathroom was enormous. The room service was fast, and the staff were friendly. There was also a restaurant on the first floor with a very delicious, yet affordable menu. My only issue was that we had to pay for wifi, but the connection was very fast, so it was worth it. The television also only played 20 channels, but this is also just a minor problem.
 
The room service was speedy, and the staff were hospitable. The room was very tidy and the bathroom was huge. There was also a small restaurant located on the first floor that offered delicious, yet reasonably-priced menu options. A very minor issue is that there was no breakfast included in our stay. Another small issue was that we had to pay for wifi, but the wireless connection was very fast, so it was worth the money. 
 
The room was extremely well-kept and the bathroom was very large; however, we had to pay for wifi, but it was worth it because the connection was very fast. The area around the hotel also felt very safe, and I had no issues walking around at night. The room service was outstanding, and the staff were all very kind. There was also a diner on the first floor with delightful but still affordable dish options.
 
Finding this hotel was very difficult, as it does not show up on maps. However, when we got there, the room was very neat and the bathroom was massive. There was also a dining area on the first floor that offered inexpensive, delectable food options. The room service was amazing, and the staff were very eager to assist us. My only dilemma was that they did not have free wifi, however the connection was outstanding, so it was worth it.
 
The room service was very impressive and quick, and the staff were always ready to help us. This hotel was great because it was only a short walk from the center of the city. One problem that I had was that we had to pay for the wifi service; however, the connection was very speedy, so it was worth the money. In general, the room was very elegant and the bathroom was very big. There was also a restaurant on the first floor with many affordable and appetizing menu options.