This is great for hanging plants around your home. The rope material is thick and sturdy so it can hold quite a bit of weight. It has a pleasant design. It hangs lower than I thought it would. However, I retied the knots on the bottom and that raised it up a little. I also cut a few inches off of the fringes for they were quite long as well. Overall, great plant hanger and I highly recommend.

I love this little cure plant hanger. It is soft to the touch because its made of real cotton ropes. I washed it a couple of times to get rid of dust. Just put it back on the wall right out of the washer (no need to dry, it will air-dry and keep the form around the plant). I also had to undo the ropes at the bottom and retie them at a higher length because it reached too low. But that’s a minor thing. I would definitely recommend it!

Great plant hanger, I would recommend. It runs a little long, especially the fringes at the bottom, but on the other hand – you can retie it and it will hold more weight this way. The ropes are silky and thick so the hanger is both sturdy and cute looking. It fits with a small space and a small plant. 

Very nice quality. Washable (it’s just a cotton rope). You can modify the length too. for example, for me the ropes were too long. I mean the length from tip of loop to bottom where the pot would sit. I will keep and use for future plants. Don’t want to cut off any parts.

If you have a small pot with a small plant, this hanger is perfect. It runs a little too long for its size, but you can adjust the length by simply tying the knots or cutting off pieces of the ropes. Anyway, it is pleasant to the eye and makes the room cozy. It is good for smaller spaces though. I also liked it that its made of real cotton, it gives it a natural look. Very cute little piece. 

This is great for hanging plants around your home. The rope material is thick and sturdy so it can hold quite a bit of weight. It has a pleasant design. It hangs lower than I thought it would. However, I retied the knots on the bottom and that raised it up a little. I also cut a few inches off of the fringes for they were quite long as well. Overall, great plant hanger and I highly recommend.

A little long for a kitchen window, and the tassels are long as well. Great for higher ceilings. Beautiful product tho!  I was surprised at the quality as well as the different options of lengths and styles. It is ivory in color and has wooden beads, which makes it look pretty natural. I love the new look of my home :)

I have these all over my house and they add a nice touch and now with working from home, they add some green to our home. The quality is great and they look really nice. In other hangers the plants seem to have a smooshed appearance, but this design allows the plant to lushly grow. would recommend!

The two plants I found that look good in this hanger are my aloe plant and my Bromeliad. I am happy with the one in the photo. I have seen one much smaller for the price I paid so I’m not disappointed. At least this one worked out so far. Probably better suited for a small pathos that you want to grow out, or a plant that doesn’t need watering a lot either. Looks lovely if you can find the right plant/plants for them.

Very nice quality. Washable (it’s just a string). You can modify the length too. for example, for me the length was too short. The longest says 41" but the measurements are from the very tip of loop to bottom of tassel. The length from tip of loop to bottom where the pot would sit is only 26". I will keep and use for future plants and order a longer one.